I get rid of the clearance here again and sometimes it would be nice to kind of see the keys you have
inside your set can use keys method but what do you think we'll see page run.
Or actually we see it kind of seems to be an iterator.
So since this is the case what we can of course stick with we can simply create a for loop and simply
loop through all our keys and that and print a key to the console.
And with for of Lupi or where I used just keys method to through it.
Now if had run we see the chokey is stored in the stack or in this map here.
So if you are not sure you have kind of a function where you dynamically need to get the values or the
keys inside of your map Well Steve the method you want to use Tiki's method well unsurprisingly if you
get a Kismat thought we all got a values method cell with the value of Smarr third I think you know
what it might use so see it action while we retrieve the values.
So we have methods to retrieve the keys and we got them methods to retrieve the values.
Well of course the question that we also have a wage you well get both the key value pairs.
Yes we got that.
For one we can use the entries method here which and each entry is a key value pair.
So here we would get the individual key value Paris as it can see if Now run.
Now how do you think.
Will this be printed to the console or how is it stored internally
as an array.
Remember that when creating this map I said you could also pass an array with arrays inside of it to
the constructor here.
Well that's just what you were getting back here.
You get back the arrays which would be inside of the outer aere when creating a map where the first
element is always to keep and the second element is always the value.
So that is why we get this.
There was a raised bag with key value in Paris mapped into elements in this array.
Now we don't have to use the entry Smurfette.
If I just loop through the map like so it works exactly the same way.
So the entry method is kind of well obsolete here.
So we don't really need to add it in order.
You will loop through all the entries in our map.
Now of course as with the default array for example you may also override the way you iterate through
your map by simply overwriting the iterator as symbol.
So the field stored with the iterator a symbol like it saw it in the section where we used symbols to
actually do just that were ID iterating logic of Diebold in array.
And you might do the very same for a map.
And as you later also learned for the set to